Our next tool in our tool kit is to utilize Infura.
We want to utilize Infura to help assist us with
deploying our smart contracts onto various network types with Ethereum.
It's really beneficial because it saves us a lot of time.
Previously, you would have to download the node and synchronize with the network,
which we all know is invasive both on our Internet usage for bandwidth,
as well as storage with our local systems.
So, let's take advantage of Infura, create an account.
After we have our account created,
let's now go ahead and go back to our command line
prompt and start the note G command line interface.
Let's pay attention to our mnemonic words.
These are like our wallet words that we can use
to incorporate within truffle.js configuration.
What we want to do is obtain Testnet tokens.
So, we went to the Testnet faucet,
and we're going to go ahead and get our wallet address from Ganache,
copy it and paste it into a social network feed.
So, we can go ahead and fulfill the obligation to request tokens from our Testnet faucet.
So, right here, I simply just went ahead and
pasted that posting directly into the Rinkeby faucet,
and we have a couple options.
We'll select the three ethers initially,
so that way we can do another request in a shorter time period.
It's going to take a little bit for this to go through,
but you'll notice that once when it's complete,
you'll secure the tokens within your wallet,
and it will be funded.
Once funded, we can continue forward.
It's always good to go ahead and take
that transaction ID and verify it with the Block Explorer, so that way,
you know in confidence that this wallet has been funded,
and you could proceed forward with configuring Infura.
After you log into Infura,
go ahead and set up a new project.
Select the 'Add New Project' option,
and give your project a name.
Once you knew you have your project configured,
you have options for the type of network.
Right here we selected the Rinkeby network.
Copy that to the clipboard.
This is going to be the Euro path through Infura's systems.
You're going to want to paste that in as a provider
within your truffle configuration file.
So here we have Rinkeby with the Truffle configuration file pointed to Infura.
Okay. Next, we want to go ahead and deploy with truffles.
So, we're going to implement the command,
truffle deploy, network Rinkeby.
What this doing is telling truffle,
we want to use the configuration that we configured within
our truffle config file to deploy our smart contracts to the Rinkeby test network.
As you see here, we're compiling our smart contracts.
The contracts are coming through,
we're not running into any errors.
It's a little slower.
That's because it's communicating with Infura system versus our local host.
So, it's always best practice to go ahead and establish
testing of your smart contracts locally first, it reduces latency.
Then, next go ahead and once when you're
ready to test it on the test network, publish it.
Right here we have our smart contract within the Block Explorer,
and we just got done validating it by copying and pasting
the contract address that was reported in
our command line interface directly on Etherscan Block Explorer,
and just make sure to note that
the Block Explorer is on the test network that you selected.
Fantastic, good job. With that,
you finally took your smart contract,
converted it over to be compatible with the Infura network,
taking advantage of Rinkeby's Testnet. Excellent work.